Potty Training
Subtitle1
your puppy can only hold his blader as many hours roughly as many hours roughly as months old he or she is
Subtitle2
so that means that we need to be constantly taking the puppy out
Subtitle3
how we handle going outside is important we want to make sure that we reward the behavior
Ending
see more training videos at potty training.com
Title
Puppy Training
Subtitle1
it's extremely important that we start to teach them how we want them to behave during the course of a day
Subtitle2
the fastest and most effective method is using positive reinforcement
Subtitle3
a clicker helps you to mark the precise moment that your dog does something that you like
Ending
see more training videos at puppy training.com